Create governance.md (#310)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/governance.md

# The Oasis Network Governance

> ::: tip NOTE The proposed governance model is still

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip NOTE 
The proposed governance model is still
```

being finalized. Please check back for updates. If you
have a general question on how to use and deploy our
software, please read our Operator Docs or join our

> community Slack. All community members are welcom
> e and encouraged to commit code to the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
community Slack. All community members are welcome and 
encouraged to commit code to the platform.
```
